Clarify when var() falls back to its second argument (#44015)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/values/var/index.md

- The custom property hasn't been declared on a rule that applies to the element, and it isn't registered (with {{cssxref("@property")}}) with an `initial-value` descriptor.
- The custom property is set to the [`initial`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Values/initial) keyword and isn't a registered custom property with an `initial-value`. Setting a non-registered custom property to `initial` resets it to the {{Glossary("guaranteed_invalid_value", "guaranteed-invalid value")}}.
- The custom property's declared value is [invalid at computed-value time](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Syntax/Error_handling#invalid_custom_properties) — for example, because of a cyclic dependency between custom properties — and the property is non-registered or is registered with the universal `*` syntax.

If the custom property is registered with {{cssxref("@property")}} using a non-universal `syntax` and an `initial-value`, that initial value is substituted when no other declaration applies. The fallback is _not_ used in that case.

> The other [CSS-wide keywords](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Values/Data_types#css-wide_keywords) — `inherit`, `unset`, `revert`, `revert-layer`, and `revert-rule` — behave on a custom property the same way they do on any other property. They can resolve the custom property to an inherited or previously-cascaded value rather than to the {{Glossary("guaranteed_invalid_value", "guaranteed-invalid value")}}, so they don't necessarily trigger the fallback. For example, if `--foo` is set to `revert-layer` in one cascade layer and to a color in another layer, `var(--foo)` resolves to that color instead of using the fallback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other [CSS-wide keywords](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Values/Data_types#css-wide_keywords) — `inherit`, `unset`, `revert`, `revert-layer`, and `revert-rule` — behave in the same way when set as a custom property value as they do on any other property. They can resolve the custom property to an inherited or previously-cascaded value rather than to the {{Glossary("guaranteed_invalid_value", "guaranteed-invalid value")}}, so they don't necessarily trigger the fallback. For example, if `--foo` is set to `revert-layer` in one cascade layer and to a color in another layer, `var(--foo)` resolves to the color value instead of using the fallback.
```
